fix: don't allow FQDN links (#21432)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mdn/writing_guidelines/attrib_copyright_license/index.md

**If the content is published under an open license:**

> - Say what it is, and link to the license so we can check whether it is compatible with [MDN's license](/en-US/docs/MDN/About#using_mdn_web_docs_content).

Author: Aside, the redirection also appears not be leading to an expected doc on the MDN licenses, but to https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/MDN/Writing_guidelines

Reviewer: Shall we link to `/en-US/docs/MDN/Writing_guidelines/Attrib_copyright_license`?

> - Say what it is, and link to the license so we can check whether it is compatible with [MDN's license](/en-US/docs/MDN/About#using_mdn_web_docs_content).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Say what it is, and link to the license so we can check whether it is compatible with [MDN's license](https://github.com/mdn/content/blob/main/LICENSE.md).
```
